I've been reviewing the video I made
two months ago Irene Montero
Forgets about a victim of sexual abuse
Mónica Oltra ends up charged and it really made my
stomach turn again
almost as much as the time I was
gathering the information to record
the video and how disgusting I mean how disgusting I
really think that in one of the
most scandalous cases in Spain of alleged
corruption I would call it corruption in
some way because it would be a way of
using your public office and not
only for I mean this is
tremendous Well here you wouldn't be
using your public office to keep
public money like other
corrupt politicians do something related
here you would allegedly be using
your public office to cover up for your
husband that he was abusing minors
while you play the progressive,
feminist ally and hand in hand with Irene
Montero to win votes from
oppressed groups I mean really
repulsive I recommend that before watching
this video in which I'm going to update
the information and I'm going to add a couple
of pretty strong and pretty curiosities
outrageous you have to see the first
video okay you have to see the first
part I know that these videos usually
have more views than the normal gossip
but the thing is that this case is to
have a lot of impact and so that
everyone knows because it is very
important or rather many times people do
not know who is voting and they simply
hear some nice words and a
nice speech and they trust those
people simply because of the way they
speak Mónica Oltra is a Spanish lawyer and
politician who until a few
weeks ago held the position of vice president
of the Valencian community and
equality counselor also of the
Valencian community a position she held between 2015
and 2022 for the Compromís party of
which she is its most visible representative It is
worth highlighting another very repugnant point
of this situation of the case of Mónica
Oltra already if it is not
repugnant enough about Porcino is that when they were going to
condemn the husband because there was
more than enough evidence to condemn him, he was not
convicted in fact she separated from her
husband so that when it was time to be
convicted then  they wouldn't come out in the media
as convicted of abuse
Monica Oltra's husband but her ex-husband not the ex-
husband and a move that seems like a
scandal to me is that the party itself
weeks before Monica
Oltra was charged they changed one of the rules let's
say not call it that rules one of the
party's rules not a line that
said you had to resign from your
political position simply because of
being charged with a crime Well,
these guys not a serious crime and she was already
aware that they were going to charge her so she would
n't have to resign because she lives very
comfortably living the way she does and what she
lives off they modified the party's laws
weeks before being charged what
more repulsive people really what more
disgusting people the character that we see in the
following photo next to Monica Oltra
is Luis Eduardo Ramirez who while he
was married to Monica Oltra abused
Maite in a juvenile center under the
guardianship of the ministry headed by his
own wife abused a segment of the
14 year old girl for more  for a year and a half
according to Maite's version, the gentleman was a
teacher at this center for minors
protected by Monica Oltra and he was
in charge, really disgusting. I mean, how
disgusting, he wasn't in charge of visiting this
girl every time he punished her in
a room, let's say it was a
room for misbehaving, no
further away from the rest of her
classmates and the gentleman would visit her and
take the girl's hand while
the girl was sleeping and you can imagine
the rest and then the educator would come and
when he thought I was
sleeping, he would come and start
massaging me, he would take my hand and well,
peace began to be made with my hand, massages he would
do it to many girls because many
times we have told him such and such my
back hurts he would give me a massage for example
can you give me a massage to help me fall asleep,
many girls at the center have done that
because she had a lot of confidence in that
educator so it seems that he had already
gained trust in that way that he would
come at night thinking that I
was already sleeping and he would start massaging me
just in case I hadn't fallen asleep
everything and I grabbed my hand and now I
want to start this video by telling another
rather regrettable case in which
Monica Oltra is also
involved and in which it demonstrates the
falsehood of these politicians the
verbiage that they have no and how they do not
give a [ __ ] about me or the minors or
the victims or the women ever But to
none eh By the way, greetings to Emilio
Palacios who in the previous video in
this super thank you asked me to
investigate this case and therefore
Thanks to this request I am bringing
This video you already know that you have a
little button there with the super Thank you
where you can talk to me no and highlight
comments the following case originated
in the year 2017 on a date very close
and in parallel to the date in which the
events took place in which
Maite a minor of 14 years old was abused
segment by Monica Oltra's partner
Monica Oltra in front of parliament
denounces a case of sexual abuse by an
educator of a minor interned in the
center La Resurreción de Segovia
managed by the Catholic nuns
to cover up the  abuse or basically
while the
scandal that we know about today was happening in
which Monica Oltra's husband abused
a minor and when it was reported
Monica Oltra and the counselor
allegedly tried to cover it up
when they received the restraining order instead
of immediately expelling that
teacher from the center they ignored it
as if that order hadn't arrived
okay well no Monica Oltra in these
words that you are going to hear
below she was not denouncing
her husband's case in front of parliament
but she was denouncing another
supposed case that was happening if you don't
consent you'll continue sucking [ __ ] for the
rest of your life it was decided to talk about it as soon as
possible with the two minors both
belong to the Resurrection center
in Segorbe supervised by the
Capuchin Tertiary Sisters there is a tutor who
has been fired for providing
minor gifts and for harassment to one of the
students one of the two minors did not
consent to having sexual relations with
him despite the harassment the tutor
told the minor that if she did not consent she would
continue sucking [ __ ] for the rest of her life the
educator  had conversations with the
cell phone via WhatsApp in which the educator
presented the minor as his girlfriend Well, it
turns out that those in charge of the
juvenile center and the entire
teaching team at the juvenile center that
Mónica Oltra is talking about in that clip
decided to report Mónica Oltra and
the Ministry of Equality for defamation
because according to them, those episodes that
Mónica Oltra was recounting in parliament had
never occurred and there was no
teacher who had been
expelled or reported for what she is
recounting What a coincidence, no What a
coincidence that precisely Right at the same
time that what is
happening with her husband is happening, who was
still her husband at that time What a
coincidence that instead of going out to
parliament to denounce this, she starts
talking about an alleged case that apparently
was not true,
you are thinking of being
present, an abuser, but rather on the side, he is
vulnerable, yes, why do you place yourself
on the side of the management of the Center
that covers up a table search as much as
possible so that it does not come out, then from
landing on the abused jacket, this click
that we just saw is gold, I am going to
read it to you, words  verbatim in case it is not
understood because of the change of language
but come on, you understand perfectly
why you have placed yourselves on the side
of the killer and on the side of the
vulnerable children Why do you place yourself on the
side of the management of the center that
covers up sexual abuse and also does
everything possible to keep it from being known
instead of taking the side of the victim, it's a real
pain and you have to be shameless
but you have to be shameless to be
Mónica oltra and you have to be shameless
to be anyone who is on
Mónica oltra's side Like for example the
minister Irene Montero, who I don't know if I
got to include it in the previous video
where I told you the whole context because
maybe she did it later once
Irene Montero resigned and here
my editor will be putting the tweet that
was in all the media because it is a
scandal not a minister, a minister
who earns tens of thousands of euros,
many euros of our taxes,
not the minister of equality who is supposed to
look out for the victims by putting a
tweet in which she tells us that we should
be grateful to Mónica  oltra is
that we live in a country of [ __ ]
we live in a country of [ __ ] we live
in a country where they laugh at us
I wish Monica Oltra had shown the
same impetus in publicly denouncing
the sexual abuse of her husband as the one
who did with this case that apparently
turned out to be false even the
Facebook account of the engagement was in charge of
spreading the news not with this clip that you
just saw of Monica Oltra while
Monica Oltra was denounced for
defamation for these episodes that all the
people at the center she was
defaming said had not happened do
you know what happened do you know what
Monica Oltra did when she was sued for
defamation she took the prosecutor's office to
prosecute the educator that she herself
was accusing of sexual abuse she also
quickly ordered several visits to the
juvenile center to look for
irregularities suspiciously from these
visits a report appeared that said
that the center did not comply with the
adequate conditions and even that
they had expired food a report that
Monica Oltra clung to to close the
center leaving the  18 minors who
were cared for there completely
helpless who had to be
adapted where possible Because in addition
Monica Oltra when closing this center and
moving the minors did not follow
protocols did so in a totally
arbitrary manner it was a [ __ ] shameless act by
Civil Protection of the right to rights
to honor personal privacy and own
image for the intrusion into
privacy dignity right to good
name and honor of all the
workers of the center and our
identity we have not been working for two years
with the administration we have been working
since 1885 to highlight the
bias and lack of contrast show
in her appearance by the
public servant express the absolute lack of
veracity of what was said by herself and the
reservation of actions against the
defamation uttered but we want to
contrast all this information that
no one has come to verify
Meanwhile justice investigated and
22 sentences
against Monica Oltra were added including one
from the superior court of justice of
Valencia that indicated that
the center had not been allowed to defend itself
adequately immediately as it could not be
otherwise the resignation of
another is requested  by having more than 22
contrary powers and committing And regularities in
this case the 18
resolutions of transfer of the children
who had been sent by Oltra to
other centers were annulled and not even consult
the minors Although Monica Oltra tried to
bring out new accusations to try to
obtain a favorable sentence of
course all of them were dismissed and
the children were returned to their place
the municipal plenary approved the motion for
Monica Oltra to come out publicly to
apologize to both the minors and
the people of Segorbe and she did not do it or
rather we have Monica Oltra
publicly denouncing a case of sexual abuse
that was not true while her husband
was in fact abusing a minor
when the husband is reported the center where
Monica Oltra works at
her request that we will now go into this
later they request a
report to take away credibility from the
minor and the minor and the judge who is
trying to play the case nothing they know how to trip him
up to try what
appears to be a cover-up Look how [ __ ]
disgusting the medium is the No already  I have
spoken to you about this shitty media on
many occasions, not publishing a single piece of news
to clear the name of Oltra and
her department, no,
Oltra's department reported 189 different cases of
abuse of minors in care the same year
that her husband was accused, no,
her ex-husband was accused, no, her
husband was not accused it was her ex-husband the moment he
found out he was going to be convicted and he was not
accused, the husband abused and is convicted
of being an abuser how disgusting eh, [ __ ]
media eh, what a disgusting [ __ ]
public media. look how shameless the
director of the media this very month
just a week ago look at what she does
posturing and what she dedicates herself to
denouncing on her channel children, girls and
adolescents the aggressor is a relative
The numbers hurt, right, because there are more,
these data only constitute 15% of
what actually occurs since
the fan base, to hide abuse, to silence
complaints and to silence minors, constitutes
a habitual law of silence and this
video is  reporting people who are
minors what do you think we have to be
tough Or what this same chick has been
reported by Rafael Marco I
recommend you watch this video it is a
case of parental kidnapping in which an
aunt linked to Podemos Well she had
her children kidnapped so the
father couldn't see the minor she
falsely reported him for abuse and so on the
usual thing is worth watching the live I
did interviewing him because it is
priceless
the lives of the 18 children who were
happily at the
Resurrection school in Segorbe are worth it being the most
valued the first in the notes in the
evaluation of the own
conselleria it had been caring for children for more
than 100 years 21 sentences a pile
Monica Oltra for this
arbitrary illegal situation of
improperly closing a center that had to be
fully open they do it in
parallel and probably as a
smokescreen on those same dates her
husband with a restraining order for
repeated abuse of a minor under
her guardianship received that no her center
remained open and he remained
working  disgusting disgusting pay attention to
what Cristina says follow this click
that I'm going to put for you she is a journalist and
activist who has done a lot so that the
case of Monica Oltra came to light in
fact she was reported so Monica Oltra
had the gall to have the nerve to
report her and of course the complaint
was filed because it may be that even
apart from trying to cover up
her husband's accusation there were other motives
behind it Francisco Zarzoso with whom I have
had the opportunity to speak on
several occasions with him and with his wife
was never accused by the minor or by her
family the only evidence that another had
was reserved and
fabricated information as illegal as prevaricating
as the judicial report cited as such
by the judges who condemned her husband
fabricated at a time when
35 million euros were at stake in
tenders president She had already been
covering up her husband's abuse of Teresa for four months
and according to two
more testimonies to two other girls aged 7 and 9
surely all of you who are watching
this video if you have a couple of fingers on your
forehead you are  outraged with the subject
no, I mean it's very powerful No if you've
seen the previous video and you know the case
100% with all the details, I mean, the
aunt is playing the super feminist
super progressive she has a Ministry of
Equality in fact she goes hand in hand with
Irene Montero She starts to denounce a
center that supposedly has
a teacher who abuses minors
and it's a lie and it turns out that the center
that has an abuser is the center that
she runs and that the abuser is her
husband It turns out that when they report
the abuser and the restraining order arrives
at the center It turns out that he doesn't
comply and that the husband continues working
at the center and it turns out that Monica
Oltra said by herself in this click that You are going to
hear now she orders a
report from a specialist who tries to
undermine the victim's credibility
administrative which is how it works
in the administration but knowing that
action had been taken But what day there was a
request behind it already from the prosecutor's office of the 6th to
leave people alone, it could be
these statements publicly in a
program on La Cadena Cope where Monica
Oltra admits to having given the order to
order that report it turns out that she
later says that it was an
emotional outburst and that she was wrong, that she
got carried away and that she didn't really mean to say
that. When the judge requests this
audio to add it to the case for which she
is accused, not allegedly
concealment, Monica another has declared
before the judge that an emotional outburst
led her to make false statements. You
put it there, emotional, led Monica
another to make false statements before the
media.
The former Valencian vice president herself has acknowledged this
in court and before
the questions from Judge Vicente Ríos,
Monica another denied her
previous statements, saying that it was
an emotional outburst. Monica another has
declared that she lied before the
media, this is incredible.
In addition, in these statements, she invented
a new term that does not exist in the
Spanish language, which is the
majestic singular. In the next clip, they
will explain it to you better than I can. Let's go to
confession, she ordered the instructions
and a lot of security
to everyone, she came down with that, as
she said, emotional outburst and said
that already  had been had given the orders
that suddenly in the statement she
invented the term singular
majestatic that she directly speaks
of that singular my static and says that
although she spoke in the first person she was
referring to the entire council she
actually singularized what
the entire council had done that it was not
only her that she was talking about the
council of officials and from there the
term singular Maya static and
then also well we all know the
famous in fanta Cristina Alonso
statement of I don't know I don't remember
she was I don't know but since we're
talking about the report that she
commissioned to take away credibility from the
minor when the abuses
by her husband were reported I want to remind you of this clip
in which the judge who is handling the
case brutally locks up the
specialist who was in charge of
preparing this report let's see and
why she didn't make a report well
a credibility report that's why if she was
asked for a credibility report
why she didn't make a credibility report
some things like that
man many many others she did
n't tell him that many many he didn't tell him
because come on this This is collected what is
collected a folio  and a quarter is
not It is a report you told me it is
not a report
then you charge a report but
you do not make a report that you believe that
confronting a person with their own
previous actions is manipulating them
can you qualify your assessment
regarding the girl in the sense that you
said that she is not a person
if the specialist is supposedly a
specialist not Monica Oltra but I have to
remind you and I have to underline this
because really many times on
many occasions in my videos I have
repeated something that they have laughed a
lot at they do not laugh when I say it And that is that
I believe that the vast majority of the
world's population is idiots I
believe that there are fewer more or less
intelligent people than imbecile and
directly short people when Monica Oltra
resigned because she had no other choice okay
throwing out already accused when Monica another
resigned far from leaving the party and
her political position through the
back door and with her head bowed as
any person accused
of what she is accused of should be and with
the indications that there are because they
can accuse you but then the  clues
may be some others did not come out with a
spectacular staging like a
heroine and with the people applauding her
crying like a victim because she
says that this is a setup that this
is a trick that
the extreme right is playing on her that this is a
setup a trick a trap that
the extreme right is playing on her and
even [ __ ] blames the prosecutor no and
denigrates the prosecutor who is handling the
case no and that is being her worst
Nightmare in recent months Teresa
gisbert who by the way look at you what a
coincidence is not the prosecutor who was the scourge
of PP corruption granddaughter of the last
republican mayor of Valencia
feminist and expert in minors commits
that Mónica oltra in the latest
updates according to what the
journalist Cristina seguí tells us here Mónica oltra
blamed another woman who has been
charged the lady is called Rosa molero
and look at you What a coincidence that this
person that Mónica oltra blames for all of
this of what has appeared to be a
cover-up Well it turns out that the
family business of this lady Rosa
molero according to what they tell in this media
communication received
205,700 euros public money
from Monica Oltra what do you think Not
here Cristina Seguí says imagine an
agreement in which Molero accepts the blame
in exchange for all this money close to
retirement Cristina Seguí was the one who
has given the most stick and the one who has gotten the most
into the mud so that the case of Monica
Oltra would go forward a case that
the media is trying to hide it is
a case that is from Valencia but that
should be opening all the
news daily on all the
main television channels in Spain it is a
complete and disgusting scandal Monica
Oltra denounced Cristina Seguí for all
this and of course the justice system
dismissed it I simply wanted to share since I
made the video on
Monica Oltra's main channel okay explaining the whole
issue completely I recommend that you
watch it my first reason for pride was to
put another and 13 high officials in the
dock without a hard public the second
was today when I beat her in court neither
jail nor money she had the nerve the
little  of essence on top of reporting her
you have to have balls Monica Oltra you have to
have balls okay the complaint from
the former president claimed that the
journalist was the owner of two
Twitter accounts and one on Instagram in which
she has defamed her the complaint has been eaten
Monica another daughter Let's see if
justice comes let's see if justice comes to
you and all the people who support you
by the way I'm also going to put a
clip because not so you can see the
behavior that
Monica Oltra's press chief had with Cristina
continued in court don't push me
eh Don't push me
kid okay okay Okay yeah if you know you have a
perverted face and Well I'm going to
leave the video here I think with
this we have enough to not eat
or have dinner today I would like you to
share it and I know that these videos
usually have fewer views than the rest
of the topics we talk about on this channel But anyway
I think it is a topic that
people have to know well and that they have to
be informed and if I like something and that's why I
dedicate myself to what I  I'm dedicated to
informing and well I want to close the video
making it very clear that although Monica
Oltra is how she is, many people will say Well
but not everyone is like that, don't generalize
like Irene Montero with her tweets, you can
support this woman How can she support this one
and nothing I want to end the video as I was
saying with a clip of Irene
Montero that has also gone viral a
lot in recent weeks that there is no way to understand it
and that it is complete
outrage until the next video and
also this new abortion law is a
law of sexual rights and
reproductive rights not only to
guarantee effective access to
voluntary termination of pregnancy
but to talk about visual education for
example, which is a right of boys and
girls, your Honor, regardless
of who their families are Because
all boys, girls, girls
in this country have the
right to know their own bodies, to
know that no adult can touch their
bodies if they don't want them to, if they don't
want them to and that that is a form of
violence, they have the right to know that they
can love or have sexual relations
with whoever they want based
on consent And those are rights
that they have recognized, my goodness